### Team Project Summary for Travis Eiler
The most complicated part of working on this team project was creating an effective plan.  Without a solid plan it is hard to know where to start to build an successful application.  Little things like naming conventions, bigger things like classes, and the most important thing of creating the correct issues to tackle problems in a logical order.  Much more time should have been spent early on to define a specific objective, then outline a workflow to meet that objective.  Our tentative plan was far too fluid, resulting in overwhelming feelings of doubt.  Spending too much time thinking of what we could do, rather than just chipping away at objectives and gaining a sense of accomplishment.

Another hurdle was time management.  I thought I could just use Wakatime and my commits to track my progress, but much of my coding time was not tracked by Wakatime for some reason.  Also going back through my commits to retroactively record my time management was more complicated than expected.  Along with an effective project plan needs to be a standard to journal progress, IE coding time, research, & commits.  This would be very effective to look back on past projects to understand time utilization in reality for future projects.  It definitely took a lot more time than expected.

Due to the overwhelming nature of our project, I lacked confidence, so I had to spend many hours going back over lectures and watching all the Panopto recordings again, and reworking all the examples.  This allowed me to create the fully CRUD functional DB code.  However much more time was spend, and not entirely successfully, researching how to interact with the DB through the form windows.  Little things like getting a listbox to show the contents of objects from the database proved very difficult on my own.

The easiest part of this project in my opinion was using source control.  It proved to be very easy for me to work on issues assigned to me, with my own branches, then upon pushing the commits to GitHub creating a pull request and requesting a review of my code.
